CHANGELOG: (Pre GitHub)

###TLDR###
Documented changes for the first  5” racing quad from stock CLF4 Racing board to smooth/responsive flights,
If you don’t care you can find all my changes in the diffall/dumpall files anyway, but this is the order I figured them out, and for earlier versions of Betaflight.
##########

I should also note this was done back in Betaflight < 3.1.0, and then 3.2 

Oct 2018:
* Got a CLF4 Board and a Chameleon (v1) frame, stock rates felt like flying a school bus.
* Put in my rates I had practiced from Liftoff, and it felt 100x better right off the bat.
* Added Vbat PID Compensation
* Moved set point transition from 0 to .7
* Moved set point transition from .7 to .8
* added default i term relax
* in receiver: smoothing type: filter / channels smoothed: RPYT
* calculated D weights to 1.0 on most using PIDs using following equation: find FF as (D/26 * D_Weight) 

Notes:
Flying better than stock, but had shakes and high oscillations on turns, and I had major prop wash. All this was noticeable on a Session 5


Jan 2019:
Learned more about feed forward transitioning, and I was getting better at flying, so quirks started to become more noticeable.

* Changed feedforward transition again to .25

47/40/28/204 / 1.72 / 768
58/55 (*45)/30/219 / 1.72 / 768
60/50(*48) /0/146/ 1.36 / 735
feed forward transition: .8  

* boosted anti gravity to .6

Feb 2019: 
Fixed prop wash and almost all oscillation problems, and after this I just wanted to start putting in more time without fiddling to get more comfortable flying.

* Upgraded to Betaflight 3.2.0
* Changed dshot to 1200 
* Changed rates and activated gyro notch filtering

Roll 45 55 28
Pitch 61 68 32
Yaw 74 55
Dynamic filter active
Gyro notch, default

* D term lowpass was set to 100
* Dterm notched to 200, cutoff of 100.

Outside of radio configs and messing with OpenTX (early days of the DekuTX idea) I probably put in 200 or so flights with these final tweaks on the 5” Armattan until Aug 2019, where I crash landed in a body of water.
Decided to go with 3.5.7, and built a second quad to house a Hero 7 and to run Crossfire. which is where our Github journey begins.


